[7003][ADD] product_engineering_info: Engineering tab and Product Group Code (#27)
qrtl/thc-custom: product_engineering_info/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

Reviewer: I think the description is not reflected your latest updates (eg, `allow_purchase` is not in Engineering tab).
Then, I think we don't need to explain every single fields we added, generic description is enough.

This module extends products with engineering-oriented information.

It adds an **Engineering** tab on the product form where engineers can
keep design data such as a product group code, compatible parts, E-BOM
references and technical notes. A few closely related fields are also
surfaced on the standard tabs (for example the successor part number on
*General Information* and manufacturer details on *Purchase*).

Product group codes are a simple design classification (e.g. sheet
metal, circuit board), managed under *Inventory > Configuration >

> Products*.

Reviewer: Move to `CONFIGURE.md`.

This module extends products with engineering-oriented information:

- An **Engineering** tab on the product form gathering the following fields:

>   - **Active Flag**: whether the part is still to be ordered (an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - **Allow Purchase**: whether the part is still to be ordered (an
```
